Update React page (#593)
rescript-association/rescript-lang.org: pages/docs/react/latest/installation.mdx

**Requirements:**

- `rescript@10.1` or later
- `react@18.0.0` or later

> Add following dependency to your ReScript project (in case you don't have any project yet, check out the [installation instructions](/docs/manual/latest/installation) in the manual):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following dependency to your ReScript project (in case you don't have any project yet, check out the [installation instructions](/docs/manual/latest/installation) in the manual):
```

```json
{

>   "jsx": { "version": 4, "mode": "classic" },

Author: Currently, `classic` mode is the default in the compiler configuration though.

  "bs-dependencies": ["@rescript/react"]
}
```

> The [new jsx transform](https://ko.reactjs.org/blog/2020/09/22/introducing-the-new-jsx-transform.html) of ReactJS is available with `mode: "automatic"`.

> **Note** JSX v4 is newly introduced with the idomatic record-based representation of component. If your dependecies are not compatible with v4 yet, then you can use v3 in the same project. Check out the details in [Migrate from v3](http://localhost:3000/docs/react/latest/migrate-from-v3)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note** JSX v4 is newly introduced with the idiomatic record-based representation of component props. If your dependencies are not compatible with v4 yet, then you can use v3 in the same project. Check out the details in [Migrate from v3](http://localhost:3000/docs/react/latest/migrate-from-v3)
```
